Booting Up Kali Linux
For best results and consistency with
the lab guide
be sure to use the 64-bit
Kali Linux virtual machine.
Any deviation from this standard build
could create a work environment
that is inconsistent with the
course training material.
On first boot, it’s important to
change all default passwords
from a terminal using the
passwd command.
Let’s do that now.
Throughout the course, we will
use the kali user account.
It may be tempting to log in as
the root user,
but this is not recommended.
The root user has unrestricted access
and using it increases
the risk of accidentally damaging
our system.
For commands that require
elevated privileges, we’ll use sudo
followed by the command we
wish to run
and provide our password
when prompted: